Extending known issues doc page (#884)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/known-issues.md

| Changing some SpatialOS settings after launching a local deployment will invalidate the currently launched deployment (e.g. Changing the number of servers, or toggling using Query Based Interest), as these settings modify the launch configuration. | 2019-03-26 | [UNR-1190](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1190) | Manually stop and start your deployment after you make any changes that alter the launch configuration. |
| The GDK ignores the `bHidden` specifier for actors | 2019-04-16 | [UNR-1182](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1182) |  Do not rely on `bHidden`, set `bReplicates` to the correct value instead. |  
| Schema generation removes non-alphanumeric characters. This can lead to name collisions in subobjects, properties, and RPCs, which is not supported and will result in an error. | 2019-04-23 | [UNR-1322](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1322) |  Ensure that names are not identical with non-alphanumeric characters removed. For example, `My Property` and `MyProperty` will result in an error, but `My Property` and `MyProperty2` will not. |  

> | RPCs that have been sent once may be received and processed several times. | 2019-04-26 | [UNR-1267](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1267) |  Do not rely on each RPC being received only once. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reliable RPCs may be executed multiple times on the receiving worker. | 2019-04-26 | [UNR-1267](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1267) |  Do not rely on reliable RPCs being executed only once. |  
```
